? If a message is fine with multiple message handlers' conditions,
what is the behavior of the bot? How it manages the priority of handler?
ANSWER: If a bot user sends a message that passes some condition of some
message handler --- the function which was defined first in the bot's
code is called. All the other functions are ignore.
For example, if the first message handling function defined,
accepts all the messages (i.e. `func=lambda message: True`) 

? Exception handling: what exact exceptions does infinity_polling function
handles? Does it handle my Python code's errors?

? How document type vs audio type not overlap... or do they?

! Message handling function are not tied only to Telegram-related
operations. It's possible to put any logic inside of such function. The
Telegram-related stuff happend thanks to `message_handler` decorator,
and nothing stops us from doing something besides the Telegram-related
stuff.
For example, we can store and process the messages, their content, store
it locally. We can create a bot which turns off the light at our home,
when somobody (any user) sends a message containing the word "hello".

! "Message handling function" term which I used above, is excessively
verbose. It's just a "Message handler", according to:
https://pypi.org/project/pyTelegramBotAPI/

! A message object, thing which is provided to the message handlers, is
not (only) the message content. It contains the message's
metadata such as messages unique identifier, or user's identifier etc.


? What if I provide no arguments to the handler decorator? Does it mean
that any message will make this handler eligible to process it?
ANSWER: there no short answer. But filter will be set to a default
Telebot state, for example, text messages only, but every text message.

! If text is send along with file, it can be accessed NOT by m.text
field, but by caption.

? I have a sequence of bytes (<class 'bytes'>). Which represent an mp3-
file. How do efficiently turn it into a NumPy array?

? In AudioFile, how audio is actually stored?

? Is correct that all the actions that a user can make with a bot fall
under the umbrella of sending a message?

! The fact that it's possible (and happends by default) that one user
can mess up other's control flow position, potentially can be used as an
interesting feature.
